README.md, before:

# Cashew

**Cashew** (name not final) is a terminal user interface for [recoll](recoll.org).
The goal of this project is to offer a keyboard driven UI for recoll and integrate well into workflows centered around the terminal.


## Current Features

- Search recoll index
- Display of Title (file name if no title is found in metadata) and Author
- easy keyboard driven navigation
- Detail View for each entry
- easily open the entry in your preferred pdf viewer

## In Progress Features

- Snippets View

## Planned Features

- easily open possible source files (latex, typst) in your editor 
- Surrounding Directory View
- flags to integrate into bash script


## Installation

Assuming you have Go installed on your system, the installation process is rather straight forward.
Just clone this repo:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/Gedeon23/cashew.git  
```

`cd` into the directory:
```
cd cashew
```

build the binary:
```
go build .
```

---

## Credits
I'm using [bubbletea](github.com/charmbracelet/bubbletea) for the TUI and [recoll](reoll.org) for indexing and querying PDFs

Commit message:

ADD basic snippet view
This is just a basic implementation of the snippet view
still a lot of room for improvement
right now snippets are saved into the detail view entry when needed
if the detail view switches to another entry the snippets are lost
snippets should be saved in results and only lost once a new search is
executed

README.md, after:

# Cashew

**Cashew** (name not final) is a terminal user interface for [recoll](recoll.org).
The goal of this project is to offer a keyboard driven UI for recoll and integrate well into workflows centered around the terminal.


## Current Features

- Search recoll index
- Display of Title (file name if no title is found in metadata) and Author
- easy keyboard driven navigation
- Detail View for each entry
- easily open the entry in your preferred pdf viewer

## In Progress Features

- Snippets View

## Planned Features

- easily open possible source files (latex, typst) in your editor 
- Surrounding Directory View
- flags to integrate into bash script


## Installation

Assuming you have Go installed on your system, the installation process is as follows.
Just clone this repo:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/Gedeon23/cashew.git  
```

`cd` into the directory:
```
cd cashew
```

build the binary:
```
go build .
```

### Needed Applications

Of course you will need recoll installed and setup to use this application.
If you want to see snippets of the occurences inside the document, you will also need to install [ripgrep-all](github.com/phiresky/ripgrep-all)

---

## Credits
I'm using [bubbletea](github.com/charmbracelet/bubbletea) for the TUI and [recoll](reoll.org) for indexing and querying PDFs
